Camren
Ebra, make sandwiches!
Don't stop making fucking sandwiches.
Ebra
Yes, Chef.
Camren
I'm going to make three sections, OK?
They're going to be Wet, Hot, and Sweet, all right?
Camren
I'm going to take green tape, make those sections.
Louie, I want you to get the sandwiches
Camren
put into the corresponding sections.
Louie
OK, yeah yeah.
Someone
Behind!
Camren
Yo, Sweeps, bag, Sharpie, label that shit.
Please, Chef.
- Yes, Chef.
[INAUDIBLE]
Sydney
Tina, fire every single chicken we have, please.
OK?
Sydney
Richie, do you even know how to do fries?
Richie
Yes.
And I know we need them now.
Sydney
OK.
Marcus, where are we on cakes?
Marcus
Uh, getting there.
Sydney
Getting there?
What the fuck do you--
Sydney
Marcus, what the fuck are you doing
still working on this shit?
Marcus
Yo, come on.
What are you tripping for?
Marcus
The cakes are in the oven.
Sydney
What the fuck am I tripping for?
Marcus
Are you here right now?
- It doesn't make a difference.
Sydney
There's four cakes. And still--
Marcus
Yeah, I was going to cut them.
Sydney
They're not even cut yet?
Marcus
Yeah, it's not that big of a deal.
Camren
What's this?
Chef!
Sydney
Um, I am--
I'm doing them in five, basically.
Sydney
I'm going to order of them in fives, so--
Camren
No, stop. Everything.
Fire everything right fucking now.
Sydney
OK, I'll fire everything now.
I just was finishing talking to Marcus and--
Camren
- Step out.
- OK.
Sydney
I'm going to talk to Marcus.
Camren
Step out-- get the fuck off my expo, Chef, now!
Get the fuck off!
Camren
Thank you.
We're firing 76 beefs, 34 chickens--
Camren
OK-- 12 french fries, 12 mash, fucking now!
Everyone
Yes, chef.
Camren
Thank you.
Richie
Behind.
Corner.
Richie
Oh.
[CLATTERING]
Sydney
Oh, shit.
Richie
You didn't say corner.
Sydney
Fuck you, Richie.
Richie
You don't need to curse at me--
Sydney
- Fuck--
- --like a maniac.
Richie
You didn't say corner.
Sydney
I'm not a fucking maniac, man.
Richie
It's your bullshit that fucked us today, not mine.
It's your bullshit.
Sydney
Fuck you, Richie.
Camren
Sydney.
Sydney
Fuck you.
Camren
I like that pace, Louie.
Louie
Yeah, baby.
[PHONE RINGING]
[BELL DINGS]